Terms and Conditions

Each partner who has registered in the system shall agree with the following rules.

These Rules implementation will make it possible to work with offerrum.com as comfortably and productively as possible.

Requirements for the Placed Advertisement
As a source of traffic, it shall be permissible to use:

Own sites;
Contextual advertising systems;
Teaser and banner networks;
Social networks;
Any other sources agreed with the administration, or approved according to the description of the offer.

Requirements for Own Sites

The site should be hosted on a paid hosting;
By the time of connection, the site should work for at least 1 month;
The domain of the site should be of a second or third level;
The site content should not violate the European legislation;
The site should not have pornographic content (according to the definition of the Criminal Code of the Europe);
The site should not contain malicious software.

Advertising Rules
Codes of third-party ad networks should not interfere or make changes to the work of streams of the ad network offerrum.com;
It shall be forbidden to place flows in an invisible area, iframe and other areas that do not allow the user to make visual contact;
It shall be forbidden to make changes to the work of flows.
According to the category "Cash on Delivery", in some countries, in a number of regions / areas, there may be restrictions on the delivery of goods in the form of logistical and other complexities.

Restrictions

When working with the system, the partner shall be prohibited from:

Using spam-mailing;
Using job placement services (active advertising systems);
Announcing a reward for committing a target action, in any form, publicly or privately;
Applying to the site users with the request to perform a targeted action on the sites of advertisers;
Creating more than 1 account per user in the system. If there is a need to create multiple accounts, you need to contact the Support Desk;
Carrying out actions on sites of advertisers independently. If there is a need to verify the accounting (registration by reference), then you should report this through the ticket system;
Initiating any automatic transitions, impressions and actions on the advertiser's sites;
Using promo materials that do not match the target line;
Using false information regarding the properties, prices and benefits of the advertised product or service in advertising;
Using the services for the return of referral remuneration.

Rights and Obligations
The Partner shall undertake to:

In case of questions about the work in the system or the terms of the offer, contact the Support Desk;
Follow these Rules;
Respond to requests from representatives of the Administration, including providing information on the source used and promotional materials.

The Administration shall reserve the right to:
Block the flows / and partner in case of violations of the Rules of work, or receipt of a complaint from the advertiser;
Temporarily suspend payments on the account, to conduct traffic quality checks and the methods of attraction used.

Penal Sanctions
In case of violation of the Rules of work with the offerrum.com by a partner, the Administration shall reserve the right to:
Block account / partner, without payment of funds and the possibility of resuming work;
Recover penalty in the amount from 5% to 100% of the monetary resources.

Settlement and Payment Procedure

Accounts at offerrum.com are of 2 types: Hold and Balance. The Hold contains the amount of earnings for verified conversions, which after checking traffic go to the Balance and become available for the monetary resources withdrawal;
Monetary resources transfer from the Hold to the Balance account shall be held every Friday, if there is a minimum amount in the Hold;
The minimum amount for making payments shall be $ 20;
The monetary resources on the Balance account shall be available for processing the application for the monetary resources withdrawal;
The minimum amount for processing an application for the monetary resources withdrawal shall be 3 $.

Final provisions
The Administration shall reserve the right to amend these Rules without prior notice.
